idw glossary





The IDW derives from a Nietzsche-Hegel-Lacanian continuum and, as such, has developed its own specialized vocabulary, although, as such, it falls on the pathos over logos side of the spectrum, with a highly irreverant sense of humor, artistic sensiblity, and theatrical timbre. Its leading spokesperon is "the Bard" (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alexander_Bard). 

The main thrust is that men must embrace archetypal forms of masculinity and integrate them with the female through a combination of logos and pathos. 

Key terms


attentionalism - the postcapitalist paradigm of seeing attention as the ultimate currency (and, presumably, thereby maximizing it) 

boy pharoh - One of the negative forms of the masculine (i.e. as violent conquerer who imposes his will on others by force). Examples Osama Bin-Laden, Donald Trump, and Vladimir Putin. 

cybelline mob / dionysian swarm - violent and destructive lynch mobs formed from the dark feminine as typified by Jacobine culture, wokeism, etc. A result of not crossing the tantra/sutra divide or inadequate sexuality. 

dark feminine/masculine - unintegrated parts of the feminine and masculine that generally lead to negative outcomes, such as lynch mobs, war, and genocide. 

matrix/mamilla - starting point of female gaze and infinite now to which the phallic gaze must be brought. Forms the strong configuration (i.e. the triad) when combined with the split phallus

narratology - how humans create narratives from distinct presuppositions such that their different narratives may not intersect in any meaningful way  

synthesism - A non-theist form of spiritual practice which attempts to achieve states of mind similar to theist traditions. It has a loose ideology and could be described as similar to burning man (or, if burningman attempted to create its own religious cult). 

patriachy - a bad thing when it is run by pillar saints or boy pharoahs, good thing if run by the split phallus (which is rare)

peter pan syndrome - not wanting to grow up and, by extension, maintaining a distance from mundane material reality. 

pillar saint - one who separates from the physical in order to be more spiritual, typified by Manichaeism.  

platonism - the root of all problems in the West, notably by creating some essentialist "other."

root of the phallus - foundation or historical element into which the phallus is born before it becomes ascendent 

split or two headed phallus - plural forms of ascendant masculinity with presumed specializatioon of labor (e.g. via personified rain and sun gods, intelligence and transcendence, inward and outward). Positive forms rare in historical but spark forward movement. Classicly associated with movement, including nomades, traders, and soldiers. 

sutra/tantra - the interplay between a rule by texts and subtle energetic practices, often involving sexuality. It is possible to get stuck on either side of this divide and not appropraitely integrate the other. 

triad - combination of the split phallus and the matrix that allows the full form. 



